typically jewelweed and IV kind
of grow right next to each other
and jewelry it is
aw awesome at helping with
poison ivy
I'll tell you how to determine
whether it's jewelweed where it
kind of gets its name
hold it under water and it'll
shimmer just like a little
diamond
it's really cool stuff that's
about enough for me for right
now there's just tons of juice
in here
and I can make basically a
protective layer with this and
I'm constantly exposing my skin
to IV out here everywhere
let them stand and a lot of
every panel after I'm finished
walking through IV or doing what
I need to do and go wash this
whole thing off in the creek and
I don't get any reaction
now I've got a barrier between
me and the poison ivy